feat: FastAI (#2571)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/frameworks/fastai.rst

======
FastAI
======

Preface
-------

> In this tutorial, we will show how to train a model for sentiment analysis using with **fastai**, then we will use BentoML to save and create a prediction service.

Author: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will show how to train a model for sentiment analysis with **fastai**, then we will use BentoML to save and create a prediction service.
```

   from fastai.basics import URLs
   from fastai.metrics import accuracy
   from fastai.text.data import DataBlock
   from fastai.text.data import TextBlock
   from fastai.text.data import untar_data
   from fastai.text.data import CategoryBlock
   from fastai.text.models import AWD_LSTM
   from fastai.text.learner import text_classifier_learner
   from fastai.data.transforms import parent_label
   from fastai.data.transforms import get_text_files
   from fastai.data.transforms import GrandparentSplitter

We can then download the data and decompress it with ``untar_data``:

.. code-block:: python

   path = untar_data(URLs.IMDB)

We can use the data block API to get our data in a `DataLoaders <https://docs.fast.ai/data.core.html#DataLoaders>`_. 

The data follows an ImageNet-style organization, in the train folder, we have two subfolders, `pos` and `neg` (for positive reviews and negative reviews).

.. code-block:: python

   imdb = DataBlock(
       blocks=(TextBlock.from_folder(path), CategoryBlock),
       get_items=get_text_files,
       get_y=parent_label,
       splitter=GrandparentSplitter(valid_name="test"),
   )
   dls = imdb.dataloaders(path)

.. note::

>    The data block API is an advanced from fastai, if you prefer to use other methods

Reviewer: May be missing a word here, "an advanced ... from fastai".

>    The data block API is an advanced from fastai, if you prefer to use other methods

Author: ```suggestion
   The data block API is an advanced feature from fastai, if you prefer to use other methods
```

   refers to the `main tutorial <https://docs.fast.ai/tutorial.text.html#Using-the-high-level-API>`_
   for more information.

Then, we can define a `Learner <https://docs.fast.ai/learner.html#Learner>`_ suitable for text classification in one line:

.. code-block:: python

   learner = text_classifier_learner(

>         imdb_dls, AWD_LSTM, drop_mult=0.5, metrics=accuracy

Reviewer: Where is `imdb_dls` from?

>         imdb_dls, AWD_LSTM, drop_mult=0.5, metrics=accuracy

Author: ```suggestion
        dls, AWD_LSTM, drop_mult=0.5, metrics=accuracy
```

.. code-block:: bash

   ('pos', TensorText(1), TensorText([0.1216, 0.8784]))

Saving a learner with BentoML
-----------------------------

   :bdg-warning:`Warning:` ``Learner`` instance is required to save with BentoML.
   This is a design choice to preserve functionalities provided by **fastai**.

.. seealso::

   Refers to :ref:`PyTorch Framework Guide<frameworks/pytorch:PyTorch>` for more information if one wants to use PyTorch model components of ``Learner`` with BentoML.

   To get the PyTorch model, access it via ``learner.model``:

   .. code-block:: python

      import bentoml

      bentoml.pytorch.save_model("my_pytorch_model", learner.model)

To quickly save the trained learner, use ``save_model``:

.. code-block:: python

   bentoml.fastai.save_model("fastai_sentiment", learner)

.. code-block:: bash

   Model(tag="fastai_sentiment:5bakmghqpk4z3gxi", path="~/bentoml/models/fastai_sentiment/5bakmghqpk4z3gxi/")

In addition to :ref:`general options <concepts/model:Save A Trained Model>`
provided by :code:`save_model`, you can optionally provide a different ``pickle_module``
for serializing the model.

.. code-block:: python

>    bentoml.fastai.save_model("fastai_sentiment", learner, pickle_module="pickle")

Reviewer: Maybe a real example instead of a str?

.. note::

   By default, BentoML uses ``cloudpickle`` for serialization. The key difference from Python's ``pickle`` is that 
   ``cloudpickle`` has the capability to serialize functions and so it can directly serialize members of the object without reference to its type.

   :bdg-primary:`Our Recommendation:` ``cloudpickle`` *should be used for most cases.*

Loading a learner with BentoML
------------------------------

To load the learner back to memory, use ``load_model``:

.. code-block:: python

>    learner = bentoml.fastai.load_model("fastai_sentiment")

Reviewer: Missing version in tag.

Author: we do accept loading without a version tag right? it will just resolve to latest

Proceed to then test the learner with prediction inputs:

.. code-block:: python

   learner.predict("I really liked that movie!")

In addition to :ref:`general options <concepts/model:Retrieve a saved model>`
provided by :code:`load_model`, you can also provide ``cpu`` to enforce loading
the learner on CPU.

.. code-block:: python

   learner = bentoml.fastai.load_model("fastai_sentiment", cpu=False)

.. admonition:: About the behaviour of :code:`cpu=True`

   **fastai** will determine which devices to use (GPU or CPU) via ``cpu``. The
   results will then be passed down to ``map_location`` of ``torch.load``.

>    Refers to `PyTorch's documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.load.html#torch-load>`_

Reviewer: Should we hold on to this option if we current do not support GPU?

======
FastAI
======

>    *fastai simplifies training fast and accurate neural nets using modern best practices*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

In addition to :ref:`general options <concepts/model:Save A Trained Model>`
provided by :code:`save_model`, you can optionally provide a different ``pickle_module``
for serializing the model.

.. code-block:: python

   import pickle
   
   bentoml.fastai.save_model("fastai_sentiment", learner, pickle_module=pickle)

.. note::

   By default, BentoML uses ``cloudpickle`` for serialization. The key difference from Python's ``pickle`` is that 
   ``cloudpickle`` has the capability to serialize functions and so it can directly serialize members of the object without reference to its type.

   :bdg-primary:`Our Recommendation:` ``cloudpickle`` *should be used for most cases.*

.. admonition:: about :code:`save_model()` behaviour

   BentoML also tries to remove some known callback that have issues with
   serialization, such as ``ParamScheduler``. 

   We found that some of given callback are only useful during training phase, not during serving, thus 
   not affecting inference results.

Loading a learner with BentoML
------------------------------

To load the learner back to memory, use ``load_model``:

.. code-block:: python

>    learner = bentoml.fastai.load_model("fastai_sentiment")

Author: ```suggestion
   learner = bentoml.fastai.load_model("fastai_sentiment:latest")
```

Proceed to then test the learner with prediction inputs:

.. code-block:: python

   learner.predict("I really liked that movie!")

In addition to :ref:`general options <concepts/model:Retrieve a saved model>`
provided by :code:`load_model`, you can also provide ``cpu`` to enforce loading
the learner on CPU.

.. code-block:: python

   learner = bentoml.fastai.load_model("fastai_sentiment", cpu=False)

.. admonition:: About the behaviour of :code:`cpu=True`

>    **fastai** will determine which devices to use (GPU or CPU) via ``cpu``. The

Author: ```suggestion
```

>    results will then be passed down to ``map_location`` of ``torch.load``.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>    Refers to `PyTorch's documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.load.html#torch-load>`_

Author: ```suggestion
```

   for more information.

   Additionallly, if the model uses ``mixed_precision``, then the loaded model will also be converted to FP32.
   Learn more about `mixed precision <https://docs.fast.ai/callback.fp16.html>`_.

   :bdg-primary:`Remarks:` BentoML are currently only providing CPU supports for **fastai**.

Using Runners
-------------

.. seealso::

   :ref:`Runners' documentation<concepts/runner:Using Runners>` on Runners' concept and its usage.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`Specifying Runner Resources<concepts/runner:Specifying Required Resources>` on providing options for Runners.

> To use ``fastai`` runner locally, access the model via ``get`` and convert it to

Reviewer 3: I feel like the distinction between `get` and `load_model` isn't very clear, but then again that may just be difficult to get across in general.

I'm somewhat of the opinion the guide shouldn't touch ``load_model`` at all, that shouldn't normally be part of the workflow, right? Maybe we can have a subsection or something which explains users can use it if they need access to the `Learner` or something instead of the full section above.

a runner:

.. code-block:: python

   runner = bentoml.fastai.get("fastai_sentiment").to_runner()

   runner.init_local()

   runner.predict.run("I really liked that movie!")

.. note::

   Since fastai contains different implementation for different ``Learner``
   type (Tabular, Text, Vision, etc.), users need to be responsible for

>    processing and converting model inputs to corresponding format.

Reviewer 3: Isn't this relatively obvious? What's the API look like on the user's end?

> .. note::
> 
>    Since fastai contains different implementation for different ``Learner``
>    type (Tabular, Text, Vision, etc.), users need to be responsible for
>    processing and converting model inputs to corresponding format.

Author: ```suggestion
.. tip::

   ``runner.predict.run`` should generally be a drop-in replacement for ``learner.predict`` regardless of your learner type.
```

Author: add quick example

.. admonition:: About adaptive batching in **fastai** 

   **fastai** doesn't have support for multiple inputs, hence adaptive batching

>    is disabled for **fastai**. Refers to :ref:`guides/batching:Adaptive Batching` for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   is disabled for **fastai**. See :ref:`guides/batching:Adaptive Batching` for more information.
```

Building a Service for **fastai**
---------------------------------

.. seealso::

>    :ref:`Building a Service <concepts/service:Service and APIs>` for how to
>    create a prediction service with BentoML.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :ref:`Building a Service <concepts/service:Service and APIs>`: more information on creating a prediction service with BentoML.
```
